📖 Clarify jtex frontmatter template fields (#2879)
jupyter-book/mystmd: packages/jtex/docs/template-yml.md

## Template Document

> The template `doc` lists the [frontmatter](../../../docs/frontmatter.md) fields that are required for or used by the template. These can have a `required` field (boolean) as well as an optional `description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template `doc` lists the [frontmatter](https://mystmd.org/guide/frontmatter) fields that are required for or used by the template. These can have a `required` field (boolean) as well as an optional `description`.
```
